friends.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Friends
permalink: /friends/
---

It's a pitty that nowadays people no longer write high-quality blog posts, but instead seek for acceptance by writing fragmented micro-blogs and WeChat moments. Notwithstanding, many of my friends still keep producing great ideas and write excellent blog posts. Here are some of them:

- [Haonan Bai](https://library.hoshimi.club), a schoolmate of mine.
- [Mingcong Bai](https://mingcongbai.wtf), maintainer of [AOSC OS](https://aosc.io), history scholar, great thinker.
- [Peter Cai](https://en.typeblog.net), a well-known Android, FOSS developer.
- [FiveYellowMice](https://fiveyellowmice.com).
- [Megumi Fox](https://blog.megumifox.com), a cute little fox. [(?)](https://blog.megumifox.com/public/about)
- [Siubeng Fung](https://feng.moe), also a well-known Android, FOSS developer.
- [Terence Lau](https://terenceliu98.github.io), a statistic and computer science ~~professor~~ expert.
- [Rainysummer Luo](https://pages.rainysummer.top), a tech-savvy.
- [Zhenghao Wu](https://ecwuuuuu.com), a deep learning expert.
- [Junru Zhong](https://junru.dev), a computer science and transportation enthusiast.

This site is also included in [TUNA Blogroll](https://github.com/tuna/blogroll#lists), blogs in which are also full of great minds and are worth reading!

Commit message:

friends: add some Chaihuo folks

friends.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Friends
permalink: /friends/
---

It's a pitty that nowadays people no longer write high-quality blog posts, but instead seek for acceptance by writing fragmented micro-blogs and WeChat moments. Notwithstanding, many of my friends still keep producing great ideas and write excellent blog posts. Here are some of them:

- [Haonan Bai](https://library.hoshimi.club), a schoolmate of mine.
- [Mingcong Bai](https://mingcongbai.wtf), maintainer of [AOSC OS](https://aosc.io), history scholar, great thinker.
- [Peter Cai](https://en.typeblog.net), a well-known Android, FOSS developer.
- [FiveYellowMice](https://fiveyellowmice.com).
- [Megumi Fox](https://blog.megumifox.com), a cute little fox. [(?)](https://blog.megumifox.com/public/about)
- [Siubeng Fung](https://feng.moe), also a well-known Android, FOSS developer.
- [Terence Lau](https://terenceliu98.github.io), a statistic and computer science ~~professor~~ expert.
- [Rainysummer Luo](https://pages.rainysummer.top), a tech-savvy.
- [Zhenghao Wu](https://ecwuuuuu.com), a deep learning expert.
- [Junru Zhong](https://junru.dev), a computer science and transportation enthusiast.

In August 2020, I got a chance to become a certified member of the [Chaihuo Maker Space](https://www.chaihuo.org/), where passionate makers gather. I don't think I'm an _authentic_ maker; I'm interested in playing with hardware, but I didn't invest a lot of time in it. Some _true_ makers I came across in the certified members' chat group also set up their websites to show their results and products. Here are some of them:

- [Curious Bin \[zh-Hans\]](http://www.haoqiabin.cn)
- [Meng Cheng (dreamc) \[zh-Hans\]](https://www.dreamcstudio.cn/)
- [IT1995 \[zh-Hans\]](http://www.it1995.cn)
- [Bo Liu](https://blogs.oopswow.com)
- [Pansy-Zhifei \[zh-Hans\]](https://panzhifei.xyz)

This site is also included in [TUNA Blogroll](https://github.com/tuna/blogroll#lists), blogs in which are also full of great minds and are worth reading!
